docs(paths-mapping): Fixed broken guide for paths mapping helper (#3894)
kulshekhar/ts-jest: website/docs/getting-started/paths-mapping.md

/** @type {import('ts-jest').JestConfigWithTsJest} */
module.exports = {
  // [...]
  roots: ['<rootDir>'],

>   modulePaths: [compilerOptions.baseUrl], // <-- This will be set to './src'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  modulePaths: [compilerOptions.baseUrl], // <-- This will be set to 'baseUrl' value
```

Reviewer: Would you pls correct the same comment for other files?

Author: I'm sorry for having you check on this several times. The comments are now consistent across all versions.
